Revise OSR docs (#68778)
dotnet/runtime: docs/design/features/OnStackReplacement.md

what we get from IBC, say) but it may be sufficient to build a reasonable
profile.

#### 3.2.5 Trigger Implementation

> In the current OSRimplementation the transitions are synchronous; there is one local patchpoint counter per frame shared by all patchpoints; patchpoint IDs are IL offsets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the current OSR implementation the transitions are synchronous; there is one local patchpoint counter per frame shared by all patchpoints; patchpoint IDs are IL offsets.
```
